# CS-300
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
The problem that I was solving for this course was trying to find a faster and more efficient way to retrieve course information through vector, hash table, and binary search tree algorithm designs. From these three designs, we would compare them to see which can correctly and quickly retrieve the necessary information in alphanumerical order. We had to compare their results and then come up with a code with our recommended design. 
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
I made a checklist of all the required sections of the code design and then I wrote down a pseudocode to get a better idea of what I needed to include. Once I developed it, I went through each code to compare its complexity and its run-time for the database that was given. Based off that, I chose the Hash Table because looking up the searches was quick and efficient because of the O(1) retrieval and the scalability of how effective it is when the data begins to grow more.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
The way I overcame some of the roadblocks of this project was by referring to my zybooks activity notes and also using stack overflow as a good reference tool to properly implement the algorithm designs. Another approach was I tackled everything section by section and then running it to make sure it was properly being implemented. 
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
The work on this project has helped me expand my approach to designing software and developing programs by exposing me to the different types of designs and showing me how their run-times differ based off the data size and algorithm needed. It helped me realize that I should test out multiple designs to see which fits best for the task at hand and which one would be more efficient. Sometimes a vector is better than a hash table based off the type of data you are working with or the types of requirements you must implement. 
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
The work evolved for this project helped me with having maintainable, readable and adaptable programs by making sure I keep industry standard code and having efficient in-text comments to make sure I understand and remember what was done. Being descriptive for what I have done, will help with future adjustments to the code and makes it scalable and adaptable solutions.
